PLEASE READ

This directory contains the implementation of a -relatively simple -
dab/dab+ receiver.
The receiver supports terrestrial DAB reception with as input either
the stream from a dabstick, an AIRSPY or an SDRplay or a (prerecorded) file,
and it will output through the default soundcard.


Configuring
Devices are "in" or "out" by uncommenting resp. commenting out
the appropriate CONFIG = device lines in the ".pro" file
or setting DEVICE=true in the CMakeLists.txt file

setting 
CONFIG	+= spectrum 
will configure a shown spectrum in

UBUNTU 1404  and 1504

The software was developed under Fedora (21 and 22). To compile
under Ubuntu the first culprit is the package portaudio.
By default the portaudio 18 version is installed, you definitely
need portaudio-19 which is available as portaudio 2.

Ubuntu 14.04. Note that you better run Qt4 and qwt 6.??? It seems
very hard to get a decent combination Qt5 / qwt6 running.
The software can easily be compiled with Qt4.
In the file "sdr-j-dabreceiver-0.99.pro" ensure that the lines
are commented/uncommented as:

LIBS		+= -lqwt -lfftw3f  -lrtlsdr  -lusb-1.0 -ldl	 # ubuntu
#LIBS		+= -lqwt-qt5 -lfftw3f  -lrtlsdr  -lusb-1.0 -ldl  # fedora

b. Ubuntu 15.04. Qt5 and qwt6 are available in the regular repositories,
however, for some unclear reason, the qwt needs

#define	QT_STATIC_CONST

It's definition is available - though commented out - in the file
"includes/dab-constants.h"

Building:
As usual, a pre-compiled version for 64 bits Windows exists, and for Linux
one has to collect libraries and do the building oneself.

Libraries that are needed are

qwt		(6.2)
qt		(5 or more)
usbx		(1.0.14 used)
portaudio	0.19
fftw3f
rtlsdr
faad
sndfile
samplerate

Two possibilities for building the software are there: the Qt qmake tools
or the CMake tools. Both have been tested on Fedora 19 and Fedora 20

QMake:
The dabreceiver.pro file assumes the availability of all libraries.

When using fedora (or Ubuntu), just install the required packages!!!

Running:

Normal way of running is through
  ./sdr-j-dabreceiver-0.97

(Note that running under Windows requires a Zadiq-set usb driver.)

good luck

jan


